These are my features,  

1. Fraud altert checker : Upload Screenshot or link , We will check the Autheticituy and score and summary with rerefenreces  

2. Interactive resultant page for ( don't qualify for a loan based on our current underwriting criteria. ) where we can show a basic hidden reasons why and score his loan is rejected, Also Click on the view display recommendation summary ( Get a detailed personalized recommendation report : Feature 3 

3.  Get a detailed personalized recommendation report  - Any time / Also automactially weekly and monthly performance with customized well defined, What you can improve, how to improve score being specific, by doing what how much you can improve, with a clear approximate progression mar you can increase, how, all possible loan options, where option to with draw or some other eligibility for this user ( If you have  these documents you can attain this )  

4. Ai based interactive Q&A on my report and credit financials : Ai chat feature,  

5. Creator Recommendation : ( Freebee, Listed on improved on any reasons, How to pay rent in smart ( all short videos ), How to pay education fee fast and save 40%  ) these kinda videos will be listed to prompt them  

6. Creator 1 v 1 assistance :  

7. Creator sessions ( Optional ) listing their courses  1v1 weekly course for free , if user purchases the subscription they get free weekly session  

8. We can target fitness or daily workers by partnering with a fitness challenge, If more you walk you can get a change to get loan immdietly Just podcast like supporting the media like we care much about fitness of individuals, Where who walks more distance will attain a higher chance of loan with parnteing with some fitness apps  ( This will target fitness members also general pubcli where they will be trying to achieve this )  

 These are the new features which i'm suggected, rank them based on rice and 2 more frame work, Also add 5 more creative ideas better 

- Answer this complete task like worlds best product manger, Also make sure its picture perfect in each areas,  than this, think well. , Create a table with pros and cost for each, Feature score 



- Do multiple framework,s , I. nrrf putr justificed with citations, stats and jusitiricaction for each sentensce ) 



I need seperate tables for each framework , Also combined table with all frameowrk, also pros and cons, impact, revenue, Marketing, ROI, in that table 





Also make sure create a projection table, how much each each table can generate income, I need you to create th best way to complet this assigment 



Also Create all possible tables frameworks also cite that this this will frameorwork, Justifigy each one with proper jsutificaiton.  I need this to be written by the worlds best Senior pm completing this task, Think like 1000k super computers and write in the best version of this.



i need all 3 assigment to be completetd 